Add ws2025 known issue and workaround (#44042)
elastic/beats: docs/release-notes/known-issues.md

:::

:::{dropdown} Winlogbeat and Filebeat `winlog` input can crash the Event Log on Windows Server 2025.
**Details** 

> On 04/16/2025, a known issue was discovered that can cause a crash of the Event Log service in Windows Server 2025 **when reading forwarded events in an Event Collector set up**. The issue appears for some combinations of filters where the OS handles not null terminated strings that leads to the crash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On 04/16/2025, a known issue was discovered that can cause a crash of the Event Log service in Windows Server 2025 **when reading forwarded events in an Event Collector setup**. The issue appears for some combinations of filters where the OS handles not null terminated strings, leading to the crash.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On 04/16/2025, a known issue was discovered that can cause a crash of the Event Log service in Windows Server 2025 **when reading forwarded events in an Event Collector setup**. The issue appears for some combinations of filters where the OS handles non-null-terminated strings, leading to the crash.
```
